---
  title: Spello - AI-Driven Dictation for Better Typing and Spelling
  summary: Spello is an AI-powered English dictation and learning tool designed to improve spelling, typing accuracy, and listening skills through interactive dictation exercises.  
  image: /images/posts/spello/spello.png
  author: 'Redmojo'
  publishedAt: '2025-03-09'
---

[Spello](https://spello.redmojo.au) is an AI-powered English dictation and
learning tool designed to improve spelling, typing accuracy, and listening
skills through interactive dictation exercises. In this post, we will walk you
through the key features and functions of Spello.

## Landing Page

<div align='center' style={{ border: '1px solid black', padding: '10px' }}>
  <img
    src='/images/posts/spello/spello-landing.png'
    alt='Spello Landing Page'
    width='600'
  />
</div>

The landing page is designed to introduce users to Spello's core features,
showcasing the tool's capabilities and benefits. It provides a simple, clean
interface that allows users to quickly understand how the platform works and
what it offers.

## Playground

<div align='center' style={{ border: '1px solid black', padding: '10px' }}>
  <img
    src='/images/posts/spello/spello-playground.png'
    alt='Spello Playground'
    width='600'
  />
</div>

The playground is where users can practice dictation exercises. Here, users
input sentences and receive feedback in real-time. The playground helps users
fine-tune their spelling and typing skills by offering various exercises based
on difficulty and personal progress.

## Working Modes

Spello offers three distinct working modes to accommodate different learning
styles and needs:

### 1. **Standard Mode**

In Standard Mode, users listen to a dictated sentence and type it entirely from
memory without any help.

        <div
        align='center'
        style={{
            border: '1px solid black',
            padding: '5px',
            height: 'auto',
            overflow: 'hidden'
        }}
        >
        <img
            src='/images/posts/spello/spello-standard-mode.png'
            alt='Spello Standard Mode'
            style={{
            display: 'block', // to remove any bottom space
            marginTop: '-10px', // adjust the top margin to reduce the top inside area
            marginBottom: '-10px' // adjust the bottom margin to reduce the bottom inside area
            }}
        />

    </div>

### 2. **Help Mode**

In Help Mode, users receive instant visual feedback while typing:

    - ‚úÖ Correct characters are highlighted in green
    - ‚ùå Incorrect characters are highlighted in red

    <div
      align='center'
      style={{
        border: '1px solid black',
        padding: '5px',
        height: 'auto',
        overflow: 'hidden'
      }}
    >
      <img
        src='/images/posts/spello/spello-help-mode.png'
        alt='Spello Standard Mode'
        style={{
          display: 'block', // to remove any bottom space
          marginTop: '-10px', // adjust the top margin to reduce the top inside area
          marginBottom: '-10px' // adjust the bottom margin to reduce the bottom inside area
        }}
      />
    </div>

### 3. **Cheating Mode**

    Similar to Help Mode, Cheating Mode provides real-time feedback by
    highlighting correct and incorrect characters while typing. However, this
    mode also displays the full sentence.

    <div
      align='center'
      style={{
        border: '1px solid black',
        padding: '5px',
        height: 'auto',
        overflow: 'hidden'
      }}
    >
      <img
        src='/images/posts/spello/spello-cheating-mode.png'
        alt='Spello Standard Mode'
        style={{
          display: 'block', // to remove any bottom space
          marginTop: '-10px', // adjust the top margin to reduce the top inside area
          marginBottom: '-10px' // adjust the bottom margin to reduce the bottom inside area
        }}
      />
    </div>

## Why use Spello?

Spello is perfect for anyone looking to enhance their spelling and typing skills
through interactive and personalized exercises. The combination of AI-powered
dictation, real-time feedback, and error tracking provides an immersive learning
experience that helps users learn faster and retain information better. Whether
you are a student, teacher, or someone looking to improve your English skills,
Spello offers a comprehensive solution for improving your spelling, typing, and
listening abilities.

## Conclusion

Spello is an innovative and engaging tool for learning English. With its
AI-powered dictation, real-time feedback, error tracking, and personalized
learning features, Spello offers a comprehensive solution for improving
spelling, typing accuracy, and listening skills. Try it out today and take your
English skills to the next level!

üîó Try it now: [Spello](https://spello.redmojo.au)

üíª Source Code: [GitHub](https://github.com/redmojo7/spello)
